allow using a file based ssh credential via system property to avoid having to create a Jenkins ssh credential (#1003)
jenkinsci/ec2-plugin: README.md

near the bottom to the "Cloud" section. There, you click the "Add a new
cloud" button, and select the "Amazon EC2" option. This will display the
UI for configuring the EC2 plugin.  Then enter the Access Key and Secret
Access Key which act like a username/password (see IAM section). 

Because of the way EC2 works, you also need to have an RSA private key that the
cloud has the other half for, to permit sshing into the instances that
are started. Please use the AWS console or any other tool of your choice
to generate the private key to interactively log in to EC2 instances. 

Once you have generated the needed private key you must either store it as
a Jenkins `SSH Private Key` credential (and select that credential in your cloud
config).

If you do not want to create a new Jenkins credential you may alterantively store it
in plain text on disk, indicating its file path via the Jenkins system property

> `SSH_KEY_PAIR_PRIVATE_KEY_FILE`.  If this system property has a non-empty value then

Reviewer: IIUC
```suggestion
`hudson.plugins.ec2.EC2Cloud.sshPrivateKeyFilePath`.  If this system property has a non-empty value then
```
